README.md, before:

# ![Windows Terminal Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/8rents/_/i/h1/windows-terminal.png) Windows Terminal 

> ***My personal documentation for configuring and pimping out Windows Terminal

---

## Windows terminal settings folder

All settings information is stored in the `settings.json` file. 

### Additional Directories with the s

- [**docs**](docs/) - documentation on setting up / using Windows Terminal
- [**fonts**](fonts/) -holds all of the custom fonts I'll be using in Windows Terminal.
- [**icons**](icons/) - holds all icons, be it shell icons or profile icons
- [**(color) schemes**](schemes/) - Color scheme information. *These don't actually need to be stored as they are kept within the `settings.json`* file.
- [**themes**](themes/) - theming data

---

## Helpful Articles & Links

- [Customize & Beautify your Windows Terminal (2022 Edition)](https://dev.to/ansonh/customize-beautify-your-windows-terminal-2022-edition-541l)
- [**How to make Windows Terminal Awesome**: Part 1 -- Medium Article](https://medium.com/illumination/how-to-make-windows-terminal-awesome-part-1-530eedf6eabb)
- **[Windows Terminal Themes](https://windowsterminalthemes.dev/)**

------

**🤍 2024 [Brenton Holiday](https://brenton.holiday)**

Commit message:

Added Fira Code and consolidated images

README.md, after:

# ![Windows Terminal Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/8rents/_/i/h1/windows-terminal.png) Windows Terminal Settings

> *My personal documentation for configuring and pimping out Windows Terminal*

---

**Home** **|** [Documentation](docs/README.md) **|** [Images](images/README.md)

----

The `settings` that you are currently inside is all that is needed to sync a brand new version of *Windows Terminal* with my settings. The `settings` folder has everythign that is needed.

## Windows terminal settings folder

All settings information is stored in the `settings.json` file. 

### Additional Directories with the s

- [**docs**](docs/) - documentation on setting up / using Windows Terminal
- [**fonts**](fonts/) -holds all of the custom fonts I'll be using in Windows Terminal.
- [**icons**](icons/) - holds all icons, be it shell icons or profile icons
- [**(color) schemes**](schemes/) - Color scheme information. *These don't actually need to be stored as they are kept within the `settings.json`* file.
- [**themes**](themes/) - theming data

---

## Helpful Articles & Links

- [Customize & Beautify your Windows Terminal (2022 Edition)](https://dev.to/ansonh/customize-beautify-your-windows-terminal-2022-edition-541l)
- [**How to make Windows Terminal Awesome**: Part 1 -- Medium Article](https://medium.com/illumination/how-to-make-windows-terminal-awesome-part-1-530eedf6eabb)
- **[Windows Terminal Themes](https://windowsterminalthemes.dev/)**

------

**🤍 2024 [Brenton Holiday](https://brenton.holiday)**
